This is the public repo for the Camp Goodtimes 2014 web site project
This repo was originally started in January 2014 by Mike Dice (mikedice417@hotmail.com)

The repo contains a Visual Studio project, originally created with Visual Studio 2013.

The project is at
https://github.com/mikedice/CampGoodtimesWeb

Want to contribute? 
1) Create yourself a fork
2) Go to the issues list and create an issue that says what you will be working on
   assign your issue to yourself. This is rudimentary feature management :)
3) Implement your feature and test it.
4) Submit a Pull request and I'll review the change and either pull it to the main
   branch or request changes.

Some details about the project:
Use MVC 4
.Net 4.0. Because my current web hosting provider does not support .Net 4.5
  the proejct cannot use async/await features of .Net and thus the async 
  Controller methods need to be written with the Async/Completed controller
  pattern of days gone by (see MSDN). Please do not add a dependency on .Net 4.5 at this time.
Keep all controller methods that do anything besides return a view async whenever possible
  
Here are the UI mocks that need to be implemented.
Desktop
http://invis.io/RVM0C9CA

Mobile
http://invis.io/W4M0CIRD 
Notice there is a Desktop and a Mobile version. The UI needs to be reactive so it
will be user friendly on both desktop and mobile devices.

The current camp webiste is a temporary website that is implemented in Sharepoint hosted 
on Office365
http://www.thegoodtimesproject.org/

We will be integrating the web site with at least one list in the existing Sharepoint site.
This will allow the camp director to type in News articles in sharepoint and have them
dynamically added to the Sharepoint. My current design is to turn the Sharepoint list into an
RSS feed and consume the feed in the website. See an example of this in the Home Controller.

If you are new to GitHub, like me you should RTFM on Github.com. Especially interesting
are articles on forking and submitting pull requests. Also if you have ideas on improvements
to how we are using GitHub let me know. Always happy to learn more about the GitHub.

I am mainly using Visual Studio 2013 GitHub integration but I also like thist tool for Windows:
http://windows.github.com/
It gives you a nice Powershell command line for interacting with Git

Nobody gets paid anything for doing work on this project :) But hours spent contributing
to this project can be considered charitable work so if your day job employer reimburses you
for hours spent doing charitable work don't forget to submit those hours. Don't forget too, 
that the US gov will give you a break on your taxes too!

Contacts list is below. Feel free to update with your contact info if you are going to contribute
Developers
Mike Dice (GitHub: mikedice, email: mikedice417@hotmail.com)

PM
Kyle Krum (email: kyle@thegoodtimesproject.org)
